I hope the prize in that cereal box is
the key to your own apartment.
Well, good morning to you, too.
Well, it will be once you get dressed.
Come on, we're going
down to the scrapyard.
I got to find a new door
handle for my truck.
Hey, man, I don't want
to spend my weekend
at the dump with you.
Week  end? You don't have a job.
When did your week even start?
Morning, Dad.
You're here, too?
Don't you have cereal at your place?
Of course I do. I'm a grown man.
Then what are you doing here?
Oh, I came to drop off my laundry
before I head over to
the comic book store.
See, that's what's wrong
with you young lions today.
Instead of getting out in the world
and hunting for yourselves,
you'd rather mooch off the pride.
When I was your age,
I washed my own clothes.
I made my own...
Fruity Puffs.
Oh, really, Mufasa?
Why don't you go and
whip us up some more,
'cause we almost out.
Oh, I'm gonna whip up on
something, all right.
♪ ♪
Man, I wish your new job
had given us more time to move.
Every one of these boxes
is so unorganized.
Ugh, I know. Look at this.
Baseball gloves, silverware, passport.
It's like we're running from the mob.
I got Christmas lights, running shoes,
and, oh... your toothbrush.
Oh, thank God.
Wait, I found it  in my running shoe.
I've been unpacking for five days.
At this point, I don't care.
[WATER SPLASHES]
Oh, no.
Gemma!
[GASPS] Oh, no!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my... [SHRIEKS]
Oh! What did you do?!
I didn't do anything!
How do we turn it off?
I don't know. I need a wrench.
Where's the wrench?
Check my other shoe.
Would you hurry up and
put your shoes on?
We got to get to the scrapyard.
Man, why are you in such a hurry?
Look, I don't want to run into Dave
and get another, "Hey, neighbor."
Oh, man, I love those.
They're like little hugs for my soul.
Yeah, man, what is your problem?
Dave's just being polite.
Well, I hate polite.
I like "leave me alone."
So tie your shoe up.
Loop it, swoop it and pull it through.
Uh, hey, Pop, do I swoop
it and then I loop it?
No, no, no. Personally,
I loop, then I swoop.
Oh, so it's like a swoop-de-loop?
Swoop it, loop it, both
of y'all are stupid.
Malcolm, let's go.
Hey, neighbor.
♪ Welcome to the block,
welcome to the neighborhood ♪
♪ Welcome to the hood. ♪
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
All right. Well, the main
water valve is shut off.
Oh, thank you.
Do you know what the problem is?
Yeah, you bought a old-ass house.
Anything more specific?
Well, it looks like the pipe
that takes the water
upstairs is cracked.
It's gonna need to be replaced.
Well, do you know a good
plumber around here?
[LAUGHING]
There's no such thing as a good plumber.
I mean, for real.
A grown man that dreams
of splashing around
in another man's used
water... is freaky.
I don't know, they make
pretty good money.
Well, compared to you a lemonade
stand makes good money.
Besides, you don't need a plumber
for a simple job like this.
Hey, you know what, Pop?
As much as I was truly
looking forward to today,
you could fix it for him.
Could you? That would be amazing.
I could, but, uh...
Malcolm and I already
have big plans for today.
Oh, yeah. [CHUCKLES]
We going to the dump.
Well, I'd hate to ruin a
father and son dump day.
Come on, Pop.
Look, he's our neighbor.
Now, what would Jesus do?
Boy, Jesus was a carpenter.
He didn't know nothing
about no damn pipes.
Calvin, I-I don't have a
clue what I'm doing here.
It'd be great if you could help me out.
[SIGHS] Fine.
[LAUGHS] See ya!
Oh, no, you're gonna help.
Oh...
Pop, now my shoes are wet.
Well, if you would have tied 'em faster,
we wouldn't even be here.
Thank you so much for bringing these.
The only thing I could
find to dry off with
was Grover's stuffed animal.
Judging from the smile on
his face, he liked it.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
Oh, look at this place.
I'm so sick of living in all this mess.
Oh, don't worry, they'll fix the pipe,
you'll unpack, and before you know it,
you'll be enjoying your beautiful home.
Yep, this is where your split pipe is.
I'm gonna go drown
myself in the basement.
Wait, hold on. Wait, wait.
Calvin will fix it, okay?
Why don't you just come to our house
and take a shower?
Oh, that would be so great.
Please tell me you have a corkscrew.
Damn, girl, it's only 10:00 a.m.
I knew I liked you.
That's so cool they smashed
a hole in our wall.
When I grow up, I want to be a plumber.
Future freak.
Okay, buddy, this is a great
learning opportunity.
Feel free to ask anything.
There are no dumb questions.
So, how we gonna cut that section out?
That's the dumbest question
I ever heard in my life.
We gonna take a saw and make two cuts,
and then remove the broken section.
Yeah, see, now they're gonna take a saw
and make two cuts and remove
the broken section.
Hey, Dave, Dave, that's distracting.
Oh, okay, I'm sorry.
All right, and then,
we're gonna patch in
a new piece of galvanized pipe.
[QUIETLY]: See, then they're
going to patch in a new piece
of galvanized...
Dave.
Got it, got it, got it.
And to protect the floor,
we're gonna lay some tarp out
right here, okay?
[SILVERWARE CLATTERING]
You guys got this, it's good.
Grover, let's go outside
and play some catch.
You know, that's a good idea.
You should do that.
That's a good idea.
I had no idea our house
was in such bad shape.
I mean, we bought it because
it was so close to my new job,
and it was in our price
range... Is that your wig?
It'd be weird if it wasn't.
Just, I didn't know you wore a wig.
For the money I spend, you better not.
I mean, you know, some days I do.
It just makes my life easier.
Okay, in there is a bathrobe
and here is a towel and a washcloth.
Why would I need a washcloth?
To wash yourself with.
It's in the name: wash cloth.
I just take the soap
and rub it on my body.
That's nasty.
I mean, you're getting
the soap all dirty.
Soap can't get dirty. It's soap.
Wait a minute, do white
people not use washcloths?
I don't know any who do.
Do black people use washcloths?
I don't know any who don't.
- Wow.
- Really?
Okay, go stand over there,
square your feet to me.
Glove up, get ready, here it comes.
Okay. That was great.
So close. You know what?
This time, try moving.
All right, here we go.
Let's do it again.
Feet square to me, glove up.
Get ready, here it comes.
Great catch!
Now let's let go of the butterfly
and focus on the ball this time.
I need you to go next door
and get my pipe threader.
I'm looking at YouTube,
and HandyRandy79 says
there's a faster way we can do this.
HANDYRANDY79 [ON VIDEO]:
Hey there, plumbing pal.
Corroded pipes put a damper on your day?
Well, let's go flush
those problems away.
[TOILET FLUSHES]
- [CHUCKLING]
- Freak!
Look, I don't know, Pop,
he's got a lot of views.
See? There you go.
Wanting to take the easy way out.
Well, maybe you just like making things
harder than they need to be.
I'm not doing it the hard way, son.
I'm doing it the right way.
The only time that success
comes before work
is in the dictionary.
Nobody uses a dictionary anymore.
Boy, would you just go get
what I asked you for?
Why do you shoot down all my ideas, man?
You act like I've never
done anything in my life.
Well, that's because you act
like you know everything
because you watched some video.
Well, you know, if you
wasn't such a dinosaur,
we would have ordered
your truck handle online,
that pipe would have been fixed,
and I would have been
home playing Fortnite,
eating Fruity Puffs like
a fully evolved man.
So I'm a dinosaur?
Yes. A big old stubborn-ass-asaurus.
All right, well, I tell you what.
How about you and Hammy Rammy
fix it your damn self?
Whoa, whoa, wait, Pop.
I mean, I can't do this on my own.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Well, neither do I.
I mean, I'm a dinosaur.
My arms too short to grab tools.
[ROARING]
Okay, here comes another one.
Oh! Ten in a row!
You're amazing.
Are you just saying that?
No, you are.
I mean, you caught ten baseballs
and the butterfly.
Who I'm sure will one day
make a full recovery.
Oh, hey, Calvin, how's it going?
It's going great for me. I'm
going to the scrapyard.
Are you guys done?
I quit.
Malcolm says he can do it with YouTube.
Can he?
You better hope so.
I bet-I better hope so?
Uh, c-can you watch Grover for a second?
Oh, and, um,
if he asks, the
butterfly's taking a nap.
Want to play catch?
Sure. You any good?
- I'm amazing.
- [CHUCKLES]
Eh, you got a lot of swag
for a kid named after a Muppet.
All right, little man.
G-Go on back, get ready.
Let's see what you got.
- Okay. You ready?
- Yeah.
All right, here it goes.
- Oh...
- Ow!
You said you were amazing.
That's on you.
Who knew?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hmm...
Damn.
MARTY: Mama?
I came to pick up my laundry, and...
[SHOUTS] Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
Oh, my God, please don't tell Tina.
Tell me what?
Girl...
I am so sorry, I...
I don't know what I was thinking.
[LAUGHS]
Ha, ha, ha.
[MARTY LAUGHS]
[SIGHS]
Wow. Okay, 'cause that really
could've gone either way.
[EXHALING]: Okay...
So you're not mad?
Of course not.
Nobody can resist Lola.
You named her?
I name all my girls.
This is even better than the washcloth.
Can we be done playing catch?
Done? We haven't started playing catch.
So far, we've just been playing miss.
[CHUCKLES] Let me show you
something, all right?
See, now, this is the best part.
You get to eat it.
I want to quit baseball.
Why? Just because you got hit one time?
How many times do I have to get hit?
Look, trust me, you don't want to quit.
All right? Then you'll go
through life just being a punk.
What's a punk?
Well, someone who quits things
when they get hard.
Oh. So you're a punk.
You know, I'm-a chalk that up to you
getting hit in the head.
I mean, because you
quit fixing the pipe.
Well, that's different. You know...
How?
[STAMMERS]
Man, give me my popsicle back.
DAVE: Ready?
Okay, turn it on!
[SHOUTS] Turn it off! T-Turn it off!
Turn it off!
[EXHALES]
You okay?
That went inside my mouth.
[SIGHS] I thought we had it this time.
You know what, I can't do this, Dave.
You should call a plumber.
W-What? What are you talking about?
We're so close.
You know, look, let's
just take a breather,
and we'll try again.
No, I don't know why I
thought I could fix this.
You know, guess my dad was right.
I guess I do take the easy way out.
Well, taking the easy way out
is what you're doing right now.
And what's that supposed to mean?
Well, you're quitting,
even though you are so close.
And you have all the tools
you need right here.
You're just, you're missing one thing.
Your confidence.
[LAUGHS]
Dave, how corny can you get?
Well, I'd show you, but...
I'd need both hands.
Mm.
You know who grew up
in this neighborhood?
Jackie Robinson.
Who's that?
"Who is that?"
What do they teach you kids at school?
This week, we learned a new yoga pose.
Wow.
Every child left behind.
Well, Jackie Robinson was
the first black baseball player
to play in the major leagues.
Now, had he been a quitter,
the sport wouldn't be what it is today.
Did you know Jackie Robinson?
How old do you think I am?
I don't know. A lot?
Look, my point is, nothing
worthwhile in life comes easy.
You know, Malcolm and I, we used to
stay out here till it got dark,
you know, just throwing
the ball back and forth.
Turned him into a
pretty good ballplayer.
Am I a pretty good ballplayer?
No, you straight trash.
Now, come on, man.
I'm just saying, if you keep
practicing, you can get better.
Maybe I could be the
next Jackie Robinson.
Sure. Yeah, you'll open
doors of opportunity
to white men everywhere.
Come on, man, let's get
back to playing baseball.
Let's do it.
This time, can I try hitting?
Sure.
Couldn't be much worse
than your catching.
All right.
I want you to set up now.
I'm gonna toss the ball to you,
and I want you to swing hard, all right?
Swing like a man, not a mouse.
- All right.
- You ready?
Here we go.
Oh!
Get me another popsicle.
Oh, my God.
I love being a brunette.
Who says blondes have more fun?
- I do.
- [LAUGHS]
Hee-hee!
Hey, hey, look, I'm the
man in the mirror.
Oh, you know what? That
is your daddy's favorite.
As a matter of fact, I
think I was wearing that
the night we made you.
[LAUGHS]: Okay. Gross.
This is so fun.
I needed a good laugh.
Oh, if you really want a laugh,
you got to try on Kiki.
I totally wanted to, but I
wasn't sure if it was okay.
Oh, sure, but first, you got
to say Black Lives Matter.
Of course Black Lives Matter.
Boy, stop messing with her.
He's joking. But good answer, girl.
All right, let her rip.
[CLICKS]
DAVE: We good?
[LAUGHS]
We good!
We're good?
- We good!
- We fixed the pipe!
- We fixed the pipe.
- Ah!
I've never felt more like a man.
- [LAUGHS] We did it, man.
- We did it.
This has got Handsy Randsy
written all over it.
So how'd things go with Grover?
What did you guys do?
Well, we continued to
work on his catching.
And then he hit a double.
Really?
Yeah, one inch to the left,
it would've been a triple.
Well, we just finished up,
and... check this out.
Malcolm did an incredible job.
Hmm.
Yeah, it's a'ight.
DAVE: I think it's a little bit
- better than that.
- MALCOLM: Oh, no, no.
That's cool. "A'ight" is my Dad's way
of saying I did a great job and
he's sorry he can't say that
so he says "a'ight."
A'ight.
Hey, I'll come back tomorrow and
help you patch up that hole.
Oh, yeah. Great. Uh,
w-what do I owe you?
Oh, nothing, man. The thing
is, we're neighbors.
Next time, you get me.
Did you see that?
Yeah. I just saw my broke son
turn down perfectly good money.
Really? Because I just saw somebody
who must've been raised
by a pretty good dad.
I mean, Tina did have a little
something to do with it,
I guess.
So Grover's starting to
get better at baseball?
What'd you do?
Well, I stopped
telling him he was amazing,
and made him earn it.
I could probably do a
little bit more of that.
- Mm-hmm.
- Although,
a little positive reinforcement
never hurt, either.
Yeah, maybe not.
[CHUCKLES]
Look at us.
Two dads,
you know, solving problems together.
But, you know, like, in our own ways.
Calvin?
A'ight.
Hey, baby, have you seen my, uh...
Whoa.
Well, all right.
I ain't seen Coco since
we got kicked out
of that Jodeci concert.
Where you been, girl?
Mm. I have been waiting for you, Shaft.
- Oh. Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh, uh-huh. Ooh!
- Ooh, yes.
- Uh-huh.
[LAUGHS]
I'm a bad mutha...
Shut your mouth.
['70S MUSIC PLAYING]
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org